Translation corrections (#400)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_badend2.txt

//r間宮リナの死体と、北条鉄平の死体が村のドブ溜めで発見された。その現場を、呆然と遠目に見つめる俺と梨花ちゃんのもとに歩み寄って、いつもの気軽さで話しかけてきたのは、…詩音だった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "間宮リナの死体と、北条鉄平の死体が村のドブ溜めで発見された。その現場を、呆然と遠目に見つめる俺と梨花ちゃんのもとに歩み寄って、いつもの気軽さで話しかけてきたのは、…詩音だった。",

> 			NULL, "Rina Mamiya and Teppei Houjou's corpses were discovered in the village gutter. As Rika-chan and I stared at the scene in dumbfoundment, Shion came over... calling out to us in her typical carefree voice.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Rina Mamiya and Teppei Houjou's corpses were discovered in the village gutter. As Rika-chan and I stared at the scene dumbfounded, Shion came over... calling out to us in her typical carefree voice.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine(NULL, "", NULL, "<size=-2>", Line_Continue); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "けれども、そのたくらみを事前に察知した詩音は、逆にお魎を…勢いあまって殺害してしまう。そして、その現場を目撃した魅音を地下牢に閉じ込め、自分は魅音に変装して俺たちの前に姿を現した。",

> 			NULL, "However, Shion anticipated that development... and overenthusiastically killed Oryou instead. Then, she confined Mion, the only witness to the crime, in the dungeon, and then disguised herself as Mion to appear before us.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "However, Shion anticipated that development... and overenthusiastically killed Oryou instead. Then, she confined Mion, the only witness to the crime, in the dungeon. And then she disguised herself as Mion to appear before us.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

	DrawScene("background/so_k1", 1000 );

//r…そのことを俺たちが魅音、いや変装した詩音から聞かされたのは、地下の秘密部屋だった。俺と梨花ちゃんは、詩音の凶行の事実を知る数少ない人間として――。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…そのことを俺たちが魅音、いや変装した詩音から聞かされたのは、地下の秘密部屋だった。俺と梨花ちゃんは、詩音の凶行の事実を知る数少ない人間として——。",

> 			NULL, "...We heard about this in the secret room in the basement from Mion, or actually Shion in disguise. As some of the only people who knew the truth of what Shion had done, Rika-chan and I...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "...Mion, or actually Shion in disguise, told us about this in the secret room in the basement. As some of the only people who knew the truth of what Shion had done, Rika-chan and I...", Line_Normal);
```
